Date: Fri, 4 Jul 1997 11:29:22 -0400
From: Anton Marsden <amarsden@mcs.vuw.ac.nz>
Subject: Anton's Core War Tournament Round 1 Rules

Round 1 of the tournament involves writing a sorting program.

The program should be written in Redcode ('94 Draft) and the maximum program
length is 100. It should sort a list of items starting at location 
ITEMLIST in ascending order. The number of items to sort is ITEMS. Both 
ITEMLIST and ITEMS will be defined externally to your program. The item 
list itself will be appended directly to the end of your program when 
your code is tested (for those who are concerned about memory conflicts). 
ITEMS will be a value ranging from 0 to CORESIZE/2. Each item is a 
(value, key) pair where the A-field contains the value and the B-field 
contains the key (sorting is done using the key). Note that the key can 
range from 0 to CORESIZE-1 (no negative numbers). When the program 
terminates, the list of items at ITEMLIST should be sorted by key in 
ascending order.

Entries will be judged on size (initial program length), speed (cycles before
termination) and correctness (does it work properly?). The winner will be
the program with the best size/speed ratio that works. Bonus points will 
also be given for the fastest working entry and the smallest working 
entry (so if you aren't confident of winning you might grab a minor bonus 
point).

Basic scoring method: programs will be ranked according to their size/speed
ratios. The worst program will be given 1 point, the next best will be given
2 points, etc. If two programs have the same size/speed ratio they will get
the same amount of points. Then the fastest program is given 1 point and the
smallest program is given 1 point. Note that bonus points have a small
affect on your final score if there are a lot of entries. Programs that don't
work don't get any points.

If you submit more than one entry, the last entry submitted will be used.
Anyone may enter the tournament at any stage by submitting an entry. The
deadline for submissions is Friday July 11 1997. Late entries (before the 
end of the weekend) will be accepted provided you have a good excuse :-)

Note that each round in the tournament will have an equal affect on your
total score.

If you need clarification of the rules, just mail me.

Anton.
